README.md, before:

# python-lambda-template

A template repository for creating Python lambda functions.

## Repo setup (delete this section and above after initial function setup)

1. Rename "my_function" to the desired initial function name across the repo. (May be helpful to do a project-wide find-and-replace).
2. Update Python version if needed (note: AWS lambda cannot currently support versions higher than 3.9).
3. Install all dependencies with `make install`  to create initial Pipfile.lock with latest dependency versions.
4. Add initial function description to README and update initial required ENV variable documentation as needed.
5. Update license if needed (check app-specific dependencies for licensing terms).
6. Check Github repository settings:
   - Confirm repo branch protection settings are correct (see [dev docs](https://mitlibraries.github.io/guides/basics/github.html) for details)
   - Confirm that all of the following are enabled in the repo's code security and analysis settings:
      - Dependabot alerts
      - Dependabot security updates
      - Secret scanning

# my_function

Description of the function/functions.

## Development

- To install with dev dependencies: `make install`
- To update dependencies: `make update`
- To run unit tests: `make test`
- To lint the repo: `make lint`

## Required ENV

- `WORKSPACE` = Set to `dev` for local development, this will be set to `stage` and `prod` in those environments by Terraform.

## Running locally

<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/images-test.html>

- Build the container:

  ```bash
  docker build -t my_function:latest .
  ```

- Run the default handler for the container:

  ```bash
  docker run -p 9000:8080 my_function:latest
  ```

- Post to the container:

  ```bash
  curl -XPOST "http://localhost:9000/2015-03-31/functions/function/invocations" -d '{}'
  ```

- Observe output:

  ```
  "You have successfully called this lambda!"
  ```

## Running a different handler in the container

If this repo contains multiple lambda functions, you can call any handler you copy into the container (see Dockerfile) by name as part of the `docker run` command:

```bash
docker run -p 9000:8080 my_function:latest lambdas.<a-different-module>.lambda_handler
```

Commit message:

Add Sentry integration
Why these changes are being introduced:
We generally want Sentry integration for most apps, and its a bit
different for lambda functions than for other Python apps so it's
important to have an example integration in this lambda template repo.

How this addresses that need:
* Adds sentry_sdk dependency to Pipfile.
* Adds Sentry lambda integration to my_function module.
* Adds check for required WORKSPACE env in lambda_handler function.
* Adds tests for new functionality.
* Updates README to include instructions for setting up a Sentry
  project when creating a new app from this template.

Relevant ticket(s):
* https://mitlibraries.atlassian.net/browse/IN-526

README.md, after:

# python-lambda-template

A template repository for creating Python lambda functions.

## Repo setup (delete this section and above after initial function setup)

1. Rename "my_function" to the desired initial function name across the repo. (May be helpful to do a project-wide find-and-replace).
2. Update Python version if needed (note: AWS lambda cannot currently support versions higher than 3.9).
3. Install all dependencies with `make install`  to create initial Pipfile.lock with latest dependency versions.
4. Add initial function description to README and update initial required ENV variable documentation as needed.
5. Update license if needed (check app-specific dependencies for licensing terms).
6. Check Github repository settings:
   - Confirm repo branch protection settings are correct (see [dev docs](https://mitlibraries.github.io/guides/basics/github.html) for details)
   - Confirm that all of the following are enabled in the repo's code security and analysis settings:
      - Dependabot alerts
      - Dependabot security updates
      - Secret scanning
7. Create a Sentry project for the app if needed (we want this for most apps):
   - Send initial exceptions to Sentry project for dev, stage, and prod environments to create them.
   - Create an alert for the prod environment only, with notifications sent to the appropriate team(s).
   - If *not* using Sentry, delete Sentry configuration from my_function.py and test_my_function_.py, and remove sentry_sdk from project dependencies.

# my_function

Description of the function/functions.

## Development

- To install with dev dependencies: `make install`
- To update dependencies: `make update`
- To run unit tests: `make test`
- To lint the repo: `make lint`

## Required ENV

- `SENTRY_DSN` = If set to a valid Sentry DSN, enables Sentry exception monitoring. This is not needed for local development.
- `WORKSPACE` = Set to `dev` for local development, this will be set to `stage` and `prod` in those environments by Terraform.

## Running locally

<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/images-test.html>

- Build the container:

  ```bash
  docker build -t my_function:latest .
  ```

- Run the default handler for the container:

  ```bash
  docker run -e WORKSPACE=dev -p 9000:8080 my_function:latest
  ```

- Post to the container:

  ```bash
  curl -XPOST "http://localhost:9000/2015-03-31/functions/function/invocations" -d '{}'
  ```

- Observe output:

  ```
  "You have successfully called this lambda!"
  ```

## Running a different handler in the container

If this repo contains multiple lambda functions, you can call any handler you copy into the container (see Dockerfile) by name as part of the `docker run` command:

```bash
docker run -p 9000:8080 my_function:latest lambdas.<a-different-module>.lambda_handler
```
